Update README.md with SD Card specifications (#85)
AxisCommunications/docker-acap: README.md

It might be necessary to reformat the SD card to one of these file systems, for
example if the original file system of the SD card is vfat.

> Make sure to use an SD card that has enough capacity to hold your applications.
> Other properties of the SD card, like the speed, might affect the performance of your
> applications. For example, the
> [object-detector-python](https://github.com/AxisCommunications/acap-computer-vision-sdk-examples/tree/main/object-detector-python)
> CV SDK example has a reasonably higher inference time when using a small and slow SD card.
> To get more informed about specifications, check the
> [SD Card Standards](https://www.sdcard.org/developers/sd-standard-overview/).

Reviewer: Only suggestions
```suggestion
Make sure to use an SD card that has enough capacity to hold your applications.
Other properties of the SD card, like the speed, might also affect the performance of your
applications. For example, the Computer Vision SDK example
[object-detector-python](https://github.com/AxisCommunications/acap-computer-vision-sdk-examples/tree/main/object-detector-python) has a significantly higher inference time when using a small and slow SD card.
To get more informed about specifications, check the
[SD Card Standards](https://www.sdcard.org/developers/sd-standard-overview/).
```
